So with that top of mind, we're going to kick it
off with a couple of the top most interest topics with Tim,
if you could tell us about. Share some thoughts about
artificial intelligence. As well as the cyber disclosure
rules that are new and the SEC, what we're seeing in comment
letters coming out of cyber disclosure incidences in form a
case. Tim Brown: Yeah. Thanks very much, Ellen. That was
a great overview of really where the staff is headed with
their comments moving forward and things that companies need
to need to think about on every time they're making a
filing. And as you said, let's dive into some of some of the
information here related to cyber security. So this isn't a
webcast to talk about the cybersecurity rules. Hopefully,
everyone at this point really has a good understanding of
what these entail. But just as a high level reminder of what
these rules required and where comments may be coming. We
wanted to share with the audience, just remember that
there's a new item 105 on Form 8K that requires disclosure
anytime a cybersecurity incident is deemed to be material by
a company and that Form 8K is required to be filed within
four days of that materiality determination. That is the
four day clock does not start at the point in time where the
cybersecurity incident happens. And so that's an important
distinction that we're going to get into a. Bit more here
into the details of in a second. In addition to that, the
rules required certain periodic reporting disclosures to be
in annual filings of companies and those are more detailed
disclosures perhaps than were ever required before, although
certainly some of that information may have been in some
companies filings previously. There's some ability for
companies to. Claim an exemption to some of the disclosure
requirements, in particular case where there's a national
security interest that's implicated. Through that cyber
security incident. And so there are some exceptions there
that companies can take advantage of as well. So these are
very detailed rules. I'm sure every company out there right
now has put in processes and controls whereby if a cyber
security incident occurs or really I should say when a cyber
security incident occurs, because we know they're occurring
all the time, they're taking those incidents and they're
assessing them against materiality. In a cross functionally
way to really assess what that materiality looks like and
make that determination. So if we move to our next slide
here, what we heard from Director Girding has been mentioned
a few times. He's the Director of the Division of
Corporation Finance. He made some statements this year in
May and they related to the use of that item 105 on the form
AK that I spoke about just a couple of minutes ago. And I'll
step back here to say that the division of Corporation
Finance for last few years is. Being clear in their
communications with the public to say that we're not here to
try and play a game of gotcha. Really what they're
interested to do is to see how practice has developed
through the application of the rules and the guidance that
they put out there. And then they're going to make comments
or make statements or put out CNDIS compliance and
disclosure interpretations to kind of address the way that
they feel practice has developed that they were not
intending to. And so this is one of those cases where.
Director Gordon came out and made a statement to say we see
the companies are putting cyber security incidents on form
AK and using Item 105. Even prior to perhaps making that
materiality determination, there was really intended to be
the triggering event for item 105 disclosure. And so we feel
like that could be misleading for the investing public.
Because the triggering event in our view, and this is the
SEC speaking for item 105, should be that materiality
determination. And so if you have an incident that you've
deemed to be material, certainly put that on Item 105. If
it's clear at the outset from an incident that it's going to
have a material impact. And remember, the material impact
can either be from a quantitative threshold or it could be
considered qualitatively material to the business, including
things such as your operations. If it's clear from the
outset, then sure, go ahead and say that. Put that on Item
105 on Form 8K. However, if you have an incident and you
haven't yet made that determination. Or you've just
concluded it's immaterial. That's not necessarily bad
information for an investor to have. So we do appreciate the
fact that companies are trying to disclose certain
information on form AK even before that materiality
determination has been made. In those cases, though, please
don't use item 105, Please use item 801. Or perhaps there's
another item within form AK where it may be appropriate to
make some of those disclosures and file those with the SEC.
And so they really tried to focus the attention of entities
in these situations on that materiality determination. So
what have we seen? And I think we can demonstrate that as we
move forward here. What we've seen from the time prior to
May when the statement was made, as we'll see on the next
slide, and the time after May through towards the end of
September is really a shift. In the way that companies are
approaching these disclosures, so before May, we saw more
than half, half of companies using item 105 and either
saying it wasn't material, the incident wasn't material to
the company or they have not yet made a material
determination or perhaps being silent on some aspect of
materiality, but speaking to another aspect of immateriality
to the company. There was many companies making disclosures
on item 105 that said. There was no material impact and the
range in terms of when formaks were being filed was really
wide. So we saw any anything from one day after an incident
occurred which seemed very short for potentially an
immaterial incident where that materiality assessment has
not been made-up through say 43 days. And these are somewhat
limited populations. So the range was wide. Maybe it was
expected, but there was a varying use, I would say of the
form AK for these incidents. After Director Gerding made his
remarks, we've seen a shift and more companies are using 801
prior to determination of whether an incident is material or
not. We're seeing more companies being deliberate about
making comments in item one O 5 that an area was or an
incident was material to the entity for one reason or
another. And we've seen really a compression of that time
frame of reporting on form AK. From five days to 25 days
since that May statement came out. So I think everyone's
getting the message. We wanted to make sure that was clear.
And that really leads us into our next slide where we have
some comments here that the SEC has issued on item 1:05. And
I think it's important to highlight here as you read through
them. And again, you'll have this information. You can sift
through the comments after the webcast. More closely, a lot
of these comments relate to that materiality assessment and
the SEC wanting companies to make sure that they are stating
whether or not. The incident of material, how it was
material to the company and providing information for the
investor know how that materiality assessment was made. And
that's not to say that detailed information that's going to
give away any secrets of the company is required to be put
on Form 8K, but they want the descriptions to match the
requirements that exist within the rules today.
Additionally, we've seen comments where they're asking for a
better description about how that incident has or is
expected to. Back the business again, I don't think that
description needs to be in such a detailed way that it's
giving away private information from the company, but they
do expect the investor to know what those impacts are. So
this is really the SEC enforcing these rules and
regulations, as I said they would, based on what they
perceive to be the requirements and the information that's
being provided by companies.